3 path segments.
4 fields
1 collection point
2 Greenhouse
supply point for water and fertilizer?

Each robot also needs a list of paths to represent when they are moving somewhere.
If the list is empty then it represents them being idle and waiting for something.
Perhaps a value for a current location as well.


We assume that there is no central controlling element, how should a robot have an understanding of the map?



***TODO
LOCATION
    ***Figure out how to calculate distance between two coordinate points.
        ***need to use the square root function.
    ROBOT
        maxTimeIncrease tick rule
        prevent the robot from moving past the intersection
        changes in state made by rule.
        need to differantiate between worker and transporter robots.


General
    Implement the canTimeIncrease operation.
    For now, time cant increase if there a robot has arrived at its location.
    replace some of the equations with rules, but which?
    need to implement Time-Inf for timedFarm
    need to implement Nat-Inf for djikstra

Pathfinding
Doing dijkstra:
    a start location and the graph.
    maintain a list of distances from start location to the other nodes in the graph.

Messagesending
 msg_from_to_
 some messages should only be received by Workers and some by harvesters. How do we differentiate?
 based on content or based on "wrapper", probably wrapper.
 Do we send to a specific robot, or just broadcast to a certain set?
 I think it makes most sense that a resource sends a message with what it requires 
 MESSAGE CONTENT
    fertilize
    water
 broadcast msg


Field or greenhouse is low on water or fertilizer
it sends message requesting a refill of the corresponding resource
a robot of the correct type picks up the message, only one robot should receive the message
robot moves to a refill station and picks up resource
robot moves to field and deposits resource.

TODO
decide on message formatting. Design of message content and message wrapper
messages should have one sender and one receiver, can have special broadcast operation to send to more receivers.
Between field&greenhouse and robots first. Need to include the Oid of field or greenhouse as well as what needs to be done there.
    What needs to be done can be defined by operations. water_ fertilize_, takes Oid as argument. 
decide which robot receives the message. first one that is not busy does it.
What about category of robot? need to differantiate between worker and transporter robots.
